Austin Law How Hung: Hey? Hello! Could you enjoy yourself very quickly? Oh, hi! I'm, Jasper. I'm a Uci student. I'm. Just visiting. Okay, thanks for thanks for coming today. How are you doing?
Austin Law How Hung: Pretty good? Pretty pretty eventful. Okay. So thanks for coming in today. So today i'm basically just gonna ask you a questions on how you do a couple of things. The intent is basically get an idea of like.
Austin Law How Hung: how you do things where it could be improved and like what what is good about basically the the manner in which you do it, and like what is it that so specifically the activity that we're gonna be setting today is
Austin Law How Hung: doing. Wash parties with people that are like, not in with you in person, but like you, want to sort of like, emulate the
Austin Law How Hung: I mean the feeling of being together and like watching something at the same time.
So
Austin Law How Hung: to start us off, I would like to
Austin Law How Hung: just as basically, how would you so do this over here. How would you
Austin Law How Hung: wash like a video together with someone?
Austin Law How Hung: If you're like on a video?
Austin Law How Hung: I mean, like the that's normal thing to do. I guess it'd be like here. It's a Youtube video or something. Then
Austin Law How Hung: I would be on you a video call like this, and I would screen share like this more or less. And then as well
Austin Law How Hung: up 10 something or
Austin Law How Hung: so, something like this. And yeah, it would just be, you know, on on a video call with them like this, and then the screen, and then that that would be about it. Okay. So
Austin Law How Hung: so we're using zoom to record this with with zoom, be like something that you would use. Yeah, either zoom or discord usually among friends. Just
Austin Law How Hung: okay, so actually, discord, I don't know. If you know, this one has like a Youtube wash party thing nowadays. Do you have that? I've only used the screen share. Okay.
Austin Law How Hung: that's okay. So like what it. What would you do if someone didn't have
Austin Law How Hung: a like a computer with them? So like you were like face sign, or something with them.
Austin Law How Hung: and only one of you had a
the computer. You get it off.
Austin Law How Hung: I have in like in the past, I have added, like, if we have a TV or something. Then all you know, if i'm on my phone or something, i'll, I'll prop up my phone. i'm in point the camera, add the screen, and then just turn on the volume so they can hear it, and then they hope for the best for the best. Okay.
Austin Law How Hung: And so I guess just quickly going back to like the screen share. So what are some things that that you think are like nice about it, or like? What could you think could be like improved.
Austin Law How Hung: I mean, I say, probably the biggest problem is like Lag, because oftentimes, if you're you know.
Austin Law How Hung: especially if you're on slower, Internet, which I often am. Then i'm downloading your video and then
Austin Law How Hung: essentially uploading the video at the same time to to the other person. So oftentimes it will lack out on their side, or they can't hear it, and especially issues like audio, sometimes breaks for like. If I talk, then then the video stops playing audio or something, and they can't hear what's going on.
Austin Law How Hung: Okay.
Austin Law How Hung: And what you say is it like? Well, like, I guess I don't know if benefits is the right way. But like what is like nice about screen share.
Austin Law How Hung: I've basically decided like it's already in the app that i'm using like, I don't. I've done it before. And I just
[Portion edited out]
Austin Law How Hung: Okay. So you're talking about like having to like record it on your phone. If someone didn't have a device so like, kind of could you like kind of show like what exactly you would do? Oh, yeah, okay. So i'll, I'll I'll call you on discord then. Okay, yeah.
Austin Law How Hung: So I already have you as a friendly in this car, so takes that one stuff, I guess.
Austin Law How Hung: how to remember your name, though. There we go. Okay. So here, let me call you right now.
We're
Austin Law How Hung: Yes, I am getting a call.
Austin Law How Hung: Pretty cool. And now
Austin Law How Hung: does video work.
Austin Law How Hung: I'm over yours. So i'm in hold on.
Austin Law How Hung: It. Is
Austin Law How Hung: life experiencing the difficulties that you would face right now. Yeah, I guess so. Okay. So
Austin Law How Hung: something's wrong with my camera, all right. So I don't know about that. I can try it like. Let me try it. Okay, so my video does. It works all right. We can slap on it. Yeah, that works one way. Let's see. Here.
Austin Law How Hung: let me let me rejoin.
Austin Law How Hung: Okay, cool. So then, yeah, I would
Austin Law How Hung: essentially it would be. I would take this and then
Austin Law How Hung: flip the camera so it's facing on the screen there and then
Austin Law How Hung: use something to prop it up.
Austin Law How Hung: usually a book or something. I don't know here enough. Okay. tissue box
Austin Law How Hung: place as so. And then i'm gonna have the phone just leaning on it like that, and then
Austin Law How Hung: that would be the best of my efforts. Yeah, there you go, and then you can see on the screen there. So you actually never connected. That's a Really, this is classic technical difficulty.
Austin Law How Hung: Have you actually ever had to do it like this this method before I have. Yeah, no. It's specifically for like and like what was the context of it?
Austin Law How Hung: Circle
Austin Law How Hung: doesn't work? Okay, I think it's interesting, but I like I've had to use it in the context specifically of like.
Austin Law How Hung: you know. If if i'm putting something on a TV, then a lot of times like it won't work with like screen sharing over the laptop because I did like the screen. The If I have my laptop plug into a screen, it'll count as like another monitor that doesn't, you know, get it recognized by whatever I'm using.
Austin Law How Hung: Okay. So this is kind of a tangential question, I guess. But
Austin Law How Hung: your since, like the the context of it, was like in a TV. So like, would there be a maybe like a website replacement that you could screen share for, like whatever you were watching on the TV
Austin Law How Hung: sometimes. Yeah, I mean, it depends, you know, like streaming services, usually. Yes.
Austin Law How Hung: yeah, that would be it. Just like, you know, using using Disney plus or area and trying to screen.
[Portion edited out]
Austin Law How Hung: Okay, so for the last task. I'll give you one more if you need
Austin Law How Hung: try sharing a video. That's maybe not on Youtube, so like you, too, is like probably a pretty common one. But like, how about something else on like
for something?
Austin Law How Hung: Okay. Yeah. So okay. we haven't similar setup already. So with me
Austin Law How Hung: it's over on Netflix. i'll tell you.
Austin Law How Hung: And then I can basically turn this word as I as I would. Yeah, I guess you can share and disagree
Austin Law How Hung: very cool. So I have. I have versus on the call from the other demo, and then I have Netflix open. and
Austin Law How Hung: you watching this.
Austin Law How Hung: I guess that would be my setup. Oh.
Austin Law How Hung: goodness. Black screen! Oh, I think it might be because the
Austin Law How Hung: all right, Netflix, like change their protection thing. So I don't know if they have a screen share.
Austin Law How Hung: Okay, so I guess.
Austin Law How Hung: well knowing that now, how how would you I get around that? What would you do together Out of that?
Austin Law How Hung: I mean, I get that. But that leaves us the other alternative, though, of of having that camera going at the screen, and then the one others that I would maybe try is if the other person has a methods account which honestly is not usually the case. Then sometimes we can try like
Austin Law How Hung: just matching up. Yeah, like getting quite at the same time. But usually that's not an awful okay. Well, interesting conundrum there. Yeah, I think i'll do it for for now.
Austin Law How Hung: thanks fer we're just repeating. If you have a the
Austin Law How Hung: I'm gonna stop the recording.